Halli hello people in today's tutorial
I want you this super compact
a blog wide wilders german system
imagine the design or
the concept comes to this system
not from me but from szp so
forget about him on the channel
stop by
In the following tutorial I would like
explain to you how to really do this
very very useful storage system builds
or what advantages that has
that are this system it is possible
many villiger compact side by side
to store in or store
so that with every single villiger
can act
Winter should not be the right one
You could go to trade
just this button the villiger will
moreover, from the system
thrown out and burned
or killed the next one
villiger will come from the right
then automatically fill his space
and so you can get the perfect ones
look out the village for you
I need to act and now I want to
show you how to build this system
in the first step of the tutorial need
Let's take care that the rails
are properly laid
for that we need as power trails and
detector wales is very important here
that you have the rails in the right one
order is up and off we go in the
we start here a normal rail
a power trail to grow detectors
then up here again two seemed here
down a track here again one
Broadway and a detector the whole
we'll do the second here now
put a rail one again
powered rail a detector rail two
here seemed a rail here
Broadway and here a detector then
Can we see the rails here again
removed and can now do it
to cultivate the whole
we go to the back
place here at the height of the powertrain
once a row with this switch
Activate so that the powertrain
is then activated automatically
Here we place a row with red
sox which in this blog go this
We will pass on up here then
Here we place a row on it
with normal blocks here we place
again a website stream on which you
now twice invested
Let's put a row here
solid blocks on it come redstone
Repeater we let this in now
flow a row with solid blocks
Let's just put that on
few fans kates which automatically
then we should remove this
blocks are here now one
step forward that we place
Here we click a ship here
place then we go here one
look down here so on
this height has an upside down sap
which is oriented downwards
we pull this one out here
along and now really only missing
still the iron tractors which we open
Place height of power trails
we place these aligned below
at our our oatmeal and if
Now we go up 12 blocks because
for this block place these two
blocks and can now here below
once a row with buttons place
Which makes sure that if you have this
Button presses the tractor once here
is opened and so that my cross
the whole thing is of course designed that way
if here the willicher in it I sit
Try the mainka here for a moment
then we finally see place
the door
in that the whole thing through the
detectors is detected then we can
press this button that is the door
opens out and that drives my kart
Now you can do this construction
theoretically infinitely wide he continues
I have it all now
expanded and now we want in the second
Step up to make sure that the better
come into the system respectively
be properly dismissed as last
the managers are shown in the main
cards fail here if you have this
button could either press that then
leave directly in the lava or you
transports those elsewhere
The easiest way to do it is by us
Just start a bucket with the back
to put water then we place
here a sign once again with water
and david box by meinhard something bigger
is as a blog that will mic has
always in the water and therefore always
move in the right direction
Now I would in this case the
Willich once in lava or
Do not drop into anything here
suddenly too easy here again
a sign here a sign and again
water
and so the village do not land anything
and will die
we continue in which we then the
to introduce more in the system
that means we have to do it again
drive over here all
of course also in line cards and to
First and foremost , we'll place it here
a series of solid blocks so that
Do not water directly into the website
Technique is also here you have again
the possibility the villiger with water
to transport away respectively
to make sure that the village with
taken from a rail system again
become
in this case I leave the pictures
I'll just die now
here again a glass mining
Here is a small case, even if we are
then we can have disguised whole
Place a sign here too
now it is very important the
villinger end system to get it
Let's take a solid one here
block go to the trek and go
here now a block down and 12
blocks to the side when we place
Just two more tractors then
we can remove these blocks again
place a row here again
blocks dress up the whole way and also
Here we can take care of it again
the water then flows along
Here we place a sign again
place water again and the whole thing
We'll do that until you get here
arrived at the front are where our villiger
be transported away again
in the third and last step this
I would like to explain tutorials to you now
like the simplest villiger in one
First of all I would be able to get kart
recommend once a rail to the water
to conduct electricity
and if you did that you should
best not your villiger again
far away or here
a tree
then you take a bucket of water
this in the opposite corner to
just like me all this
did that place here
like a bucket of water and you will
directly see that all villiger here
be pushed forward to this corner
Now you can have a garden
Placed this simply pushes it in
the corner and you see a will directly
jotun is pushed in more directly
characterized that it were, the greater mic
as a blog he grabs this
villiger who is pushed into the corner
and then this one gets directly into the system
introduced
now it can happen that the better
a bell too far forward falls so
not directly the most obvious gap
Filling out the whole is not bad
because the second villiger here
drives along or the second
my god what is driving along here
these
gap then fill another small one
problem that can occur is that
villiger hang on this position
or
that my cards are not in this position
falls down or not
the whole thing is not moving on
bad as soon as the next winter
comes with my god he will block this
push back into the water and so will
the system keeps running
I have the whole thing down here once
simulates that you see the better
stay put in here and now you can
For example , if you press the button
you probably do not like it
Willich drives down and as soon as he does
then this point reached here in front
he pushes the next one again
winter in maine kathan and so will the
Willich again here in front
I transport our waste system
I hope you liked this tutorial
if so please forget me
the channel in the tutorial playlist
I stop to watch the video
to rate if you have any suggestions
and suggestions for the next level
you definitely want to write in
the comments
if you want to see how to do this
villiger transport mechanism here in front
you can automate on everyone
case still with penny in the tutorial
drop by
the whole thing is down in the course
video description linked and
otherwise I wish you much now
have fun with neighbors and a nice day